every day I awaken from the same
nightmare seven years have passed yet
still torturing myself
Utah Utah are you there you did set the
autopilot right yeah
then get down here to the lander I try
to forget the nightmare by continuing to
fight
we'll be in Dantes security zone soo
friend or foe is FoF our ship will
transmit this code to get past their
sensors then six assault teams will
infiltrate providing we can get that
close of course
our codes are flawless if we can really
trust these codes shouldn't they have
sent in a crack military unit or
something don't you think Utah
my only duty is to destroy my designated
target I'm concerned with nothing else
boy you just can't wait to start blowing
things up huh
get this straight we're here to save
hornet safeguarding our planet is the
objective
excuse me so we're merely pawns in some
elaborate game that will determine the
fate of the world is that it then which
player is going to be fortunate enough
to checkmate fate I won
we are entering Dante's security zone
transmitted access codes